License
=======

JsDoc Toolkit Version 3 is free software.

Copyright 2010 (c) Michael Mathews <micmath@gmail.com>

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may
obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

In Addition
===========

Third party software is included, used by or distributed
with JsDoc Toolkit Version 3. Each is provided under its own license
and/or has source available from other locations.

Rhino
-----

Rhino is open source and licensed by Mozilla under the MPL 1.1 or
later/GPL 2.0 or later licenses.

https://developer.mozilla.org/en/Rhino_License

You can obtain the source code for Rhino from the Mozilla web site at
http://www.mozilla.org/rhino/download.html

Normal Template
---------------

The source code for Normal Template is hosted at
http://github.com/gmosx/normal-template

Normal Template is Copyright (c) 2010 George Moschovitis

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Require2.js
-----------

Require2.js is an implementation of the CommonJS Modules 1.0,
copyright (c) 2009 by David Flanagan

The source code for Require2.js can be obtained via

http://www.davidflanagan.com/2009/11/a-module-loader.html

Narwhal
-------

The testing for JsDoc Toolkit is built on Narwhal's Assert module.
The source code for Narwhal can be obtained at

http://github.com/tlrobinson/narwhal

Narwhal is Copyright (c) 2009, 280 North Inc. <280north.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR
OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR
OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

jsDump
------

jsDump is copyright (c) 2008 Ariel Flesler, aflesler(at)gmail(dot)com

Licensed under BSD http://www.opensource.org/licenses/bsd-license.php

json2xml
--------

json2xml is copyright (c) Stefan Goessner 2006

json2xml is licensed under Creative Commons GNU LGPL License,
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/LGPL/2.1/

http://goessner.net/
http://goessner.net/download/prj/jsonxml/
